COMMAND NAME:	device

TYPE:		IO control

SYNTAX:		"device postscript"
		"device hpgl"
		"device xwindow"
		"device name/device"

DESCRIPTION:

Sets the device type used for plotting.  The available devices
are those accessible to the PGPLOT library, which as of February
1994 consisted of tektronix emulators, an Xwindow graphics window,
Hewlett-Packard Laserjet printers, and postscript printers.

The "device" command can be invoked in 2 ways.  First, there
are 4 keywords that are recognized, namely "ppostscript", 
"lpostscript", "hpgl" and "xwindow".  If one of these keywords is 
specified, aedit will use the corresponding device in a transparent,
automatic way.  The hardcopy options, "ppostscript", "lpostscript"
and "hpgl", send the plot output to whatever printer is specified
by the shell script "aedit_plot".  The "hpgl" output is portrait,
while the postscript output can be either landscape (lpostscript)
or portrait (ppostscript).  The printing is done immediately, 
without the need for a "clear plot" command or separate invocation 
of a printer job.

The second method involves direct access to the PGPLOT device
specification mechanism, as described in detail below.

The construction of the argument is in two parts.  The first
part is the specific name of the output file or device,  The
second part specifies the type of device.  The former can
be a standard UNIX filename, such as "plot01.3C345", but 
subdirectory specifiers (i.e. filenames with "/" in them) are
special because PGPLOT is looking for a "/" to separate
the two parts of the device specifier.  You must "hide" the
UNIX "/" characters from PGPLOT by enclosing the filename in
double quotes, so that a valid specification for a workstation
tektronix emulator might be '"/dev/ttyp2"/te'.

The default filename for interactive devices is the users
terminal, whilst for the hardcopy devices, it is "PGPLOT.device".
PGPLOT translates filenames to upper case on output.

The second part, the device type, follows a "/", and a complete
list of possibilities can be viewed by setting the device equal
to "?", the default setting.  The names are minimum matchable 
(e.g. "/te" will work).  
