COMMAND NAME:	reproc

TYPE:		Experiment summary

SYNTAX:		"reproc filename"

DESCRIPTION:

Generates a skeleton A-file representing scans and baselines that need
reprocessing, according to some set of criteria.  The A-file is written to the
specified filename, and can be interpreted by the "a2t" program, to produce a
Mk4 task file for correlation.  The output A-file is not suitable for any other
purpose, and cannot be read by other HOPS programs.

The reproc command works by comparing the unflagged A-file data in memory with
the master OVEX file specification of what was observed, and generating a
skeleton A-file of the scans and baselines which are either flagged or absent in
aedit memory.  The normal mode of use will therefore be to summarize and read in
all correlated and fourfitted data for an experiment, filter out all those data
points deemed to exhibit problems meriting reprocessing (probably using a
combination of aedit script and manual editing), and to invoke the
reproc command.

The reproc command is Mk4-specific.  It will not work until a duplicate removal
operation has been performed.  It will complain if data from more than one
experiment are present.  It looks for the master ovex file named "nnnn.ovex", in
the directory $DATADIR/nnnn, where nnnn is the experiment number.  If this file
cannot be found, the user is prompted for the full pathname of an ovex file to
use.


Note:

Frequently, the ovex file lists stations and scans which are known to be absent
or useless for some reason, based on external information.  In Mk3, such data
were manually flagged with a minus sign in the pass field of the correlator
control file (such scans were said to be "minused out", and are treated as a
separate category by the aedit commands psfile and psplot).  In Mk4, the
equivalent functionality is provided by placing a minus sign in front of the last
field of the "station=" line of an ovex scan construct in the $SCHED section.
This is the record-time drive number, normally 1, but occasionally 2 and never
negative.  Some automation to assist users in insertion of these minus signs in
large ovex files may be provided at a later date.

