COMMAND NAME:	plot

TYPE:		Action

SYNTAX:		"plot <y-axis> <x-axis>"

DESCRIPTION:

Initiates plotting of data in memory on a device of the
users choice.  The data are divided into reasonable logical
units (such as stations, baselines, triangles etc.) before
plotting.  Only one experiment/frequency combination is
plotted on any given page, though such a combination may
span many pages.  If the input parameter "mode" is set to
"split", as opposed to "nosplit", a separate set of plots 
is generated for each source present.  

The data are filtered by the input settings
before plotting takes place, so you can plot restrictively
without having to actually edit the data.

The optional arguments "y-axis" and "x-axis" determine what
variables get plotted against each other.  If these
arguments are omitted, the axis input settings (which
can be set either in the previous "plot" command, or in
a separate "axis" command) will be used.  If only one axis
is specified, it is assumed to be the Y axis, and the X axis
is set to "time".  Certain combinations of axes are
nonsensical, and are locked out.  For a list of available
plot axes, see "help axis".

The behaviour of the plot command is controlled by a few other
parameters.  The "grid" input setting determines how many
plots will appear per page in the x and y directions.  The
"xscale" and "yscale" input parameters allow user-override
of the default range of the plots (normally either the natural
range of the data, or a fixed range for phase-like quantities).
Scan time is handled slightly differently, in that all plots
in a frequency/experiment combination are forced to the same
start and stop times on the plot, to ensure that plots line
up with each other.  Manual override of the default is
accomplished via the "timerange" input setting.

The "device" input setting determines what plot device will be
used for the plots.  If you leave this blank, aedit will prompt
you with a list of accessible devices.  For details, see
"help device".  Note also that you must issue a "clear plot"
command to make sure aedit has finished writing (buffered)
information to the plot.  This is crucial for hardcopy devices,
as the disk file generated by aedit (which must then be manually
sent to an appropriate printer) will be incomplete otherwise.

If you are using an interactive device, particularly on an
X-window workstation, you will be able to perform point-and-shoot
editing, area editing (see "help edit"), and identification
and examination of individual data points (see "help fplot" and
"help zoom").  To use these features, you must of course have
data plotted on the screen.
